foreign
I'm Miranda savioli with today's Health
news known primarily for his epic
historical documentaries Ken Burns
produced a new film for PBS that
explores both personal and Collective
struggles against cancer the three-part
documentary titled cancer the Emperor of
all maladies aired this week and
followed the stories of those living
with cancer as well as the doctors and
scientists doing their best to fight it
based off of a best-selling book the
book and film both traced the historical
origins of the disease to the current
and ongoing battle against it the
American Cancer Society estimates that
more than 1.6 million people in the U.S
will be diagnosed with cancer this year